this school management system project focuses mainly on dealing with student-teacher records. Also, the system displays all the available dues amounts. In addition, the system allows managing attendance records.

this project is divided into three categories: Student, Teacher, and Admin Panel. 

Student's Panel:
----------------
a student can simply register and start using it. Initially, this action requires approval from the admin. In fact, he/she has to apply for it. However, each application requires action from the administrator which depends upon their approval or disapproval. After confirmation of a student’s account, the user can view his/her details, public notice from admin and teachers. Besides, the student can view their own personal attendance record.

Teacher’s Panel:
--------------
Likewise, a user can apply himself/herself as a position of teacher. However, each registration requires action from the administrator which depends upon their approval or disapproval. Meanwhile, the user can view the list of available students. In fact, the teacher’s account has the right to manage the attendance for each student. Before stepping on to, teachers can make an announcement from the notice section. With it, the notices are published in public where every user can view them using the system. Talking about the attendance section, the system allows taking it as a whole from a class. Meaning, the user has to select any of the classes, their students, and action for it. Before submitting attendance, the teacher has to provide an attendance date too. Although the role of a teacher is a bit minor, it plays a vital role in maintaining the flow within the system.

Admin Panel:
------------
On the other hand, an admin has full control of the system. An admin manages the proper flow of the system, unlike every other user. The user can have an overview of each data. The admin has the right to approve/decline the various requests. By the way, the admin can only manage students and teachers. Nevertheless, the admin can also maintain the student’s attendance. For this, every step is mentioned above. Having said that, the administrator can also view students’ fees details with their dues. Above all, the user can list out attendance records too. Apart from these, the administrator has the right to publish notices. In fact, every section has its own number of records which can be overseen by the admin panel regarding its total number, pending, and dues.



Available Features:
-------------------
Student Panel
Teacher Panel
Admin Panel
Manage Requests
Student Management
Teacher Management
Student Attendance Management
View Fees, Pending
Publish Notice

Project Name:	School Management System
Technologies Used:	Python with Django Web Framework
Database:	SQLite
Type:	Web Application